Ignore default DB_FILENAME option when using MySQL/MariaDB (#22970)
directus/directus: .changeset/ten-beds-pretend.md

---
"@directus/api": patch
---

> Ensured the default `DB_FILENAME` option from the Docker Image is not applied when using MySQL/MariaDB, which fixes a corresponding warning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensured the default `DB_FILENAME` option from the Docker Image is not applied when using MySQL/MariaDB, fixing a corresponding warning
```
